- [Instructor] Chunked-based processing requires data
to be read as items into a batch job for processing.
To achieve this, we use an ItemReader.
Spring Batch provides an ItemReader interface
with a single method named read.
Implementations of the ItemReader interface retrieve data
from a data store one item at a time for processing
within the batch job.
The framework provides several out-of-the-box
implementations for reading from common data stores
such as databases, files, and message queues.
This alleviates the need for developers to write logic
focused on pulling data from these sources
for a batch job.
Instead, we just configure one
of the out-of-the-box ItemReaders.
Let's take a look at some of the ItemReaders
that the framework provides.
Here's a list of those ItemReaders that are available
within the framework that we can use to consume items
from different data sources.
When leveraging these ItemReaders, we'll need to provide
some specific configuration for each reader
that will instruct the reader how to consume the items
from the data store.
Typically, we'll wind up building POJOs in our object model
that correspond with those items read by the reader.
Those POJOs will be used for the downstream processing
within our jobs.
Let's get hands-on and configure a few of the most
popular ItemReaders in the framework.